Carter Carter Carter
I'm ready we interrupt the program a
moment for a gale warning attention
following Gale warning at 19:00 hours
GMT for area but Carter what are you
doing out there Carter
alright alright no need to shout you're
all the pigeons clumping around in the
roof in a minute and that's the end of
the Gale warning we wish you good luck
gentlemen during the long hard slog
ahead of you this night get into bed
with a pajama jacket a character why not
I'll be taking it off as soon as we get
cracking get cracking what's your way to
describe it the world's great love
points have worked their fingers to the
bone try not to be specific what do you
come up with get crackin
honestly Carter we've only been married
three weeks and there's not a scrap of
romance left in here now pull out the
drama Jackie don't cover up the spots on
your back suppose I better take my socks
off then I die
are you gonna turn the light out I
thought we might have a change tonight
and leave it on gracious me cut what do
you think this is the Sun a Lumiere I
turned that light out and don't be rude
roll over scratching yourself never said
nothing about men scratching themselves
and all them books I read by Barbara
Cartland do you think they have
scratching as searching her world cutter
no no don't have armpits neither isn't
it funny
you and me sleeping together
well things like that in the bed that
you was brought up in mmm Carter what
I've all the experiences you've ever had
in this bed what's the one that sticks
most in your mind now that time I got
chicken pox when I was 13 Carter there
let's crawl under must be romantic you
call me darling if you like Joe very
much oh I well hmm darling yes darling
do you mind if I listen to the boxing on
the wireless certainly do want to be
hugged I want to be kissed and all
things like that
wait to be all passionate but it wasn't
the first night that any moon do you
remember you smashed the putt on the
tease made with you right
come on darling give us a kiss don't
mind me I've just come to see what you
do without your pajama Jupiter
you got your death of cold lads and look
at all then goose pimples and don't look
at me like that character I've just come
to make sure you're tucked up Crumpler
say Pat where there's nylon sheets if
you don't secure um proper one false
move and slush your board they shot out
at foot a bed like a couple of cops what
to picked you Meg line they're side by
side in bed like that makes me come all
over weepy it reminds me of time that
our Carter and his cousin Jonas lay
together in that very same bed when they
had mumps in 1956 what come on then get
stuck into your drinks what drinks Carl
Cole make you go to sleep don't want to
go to sleep why you come to backpal then
it's only half past seven
oh we were just talking about our new
house what with a light out
hey you're not IDing someone from papaya
Carter no I'm not and would you mind
would you mind leaving us alright
alright I'm only trying to be helpful
listen to me that if I was you I'd sleep
with me back to Carter tonight it's got
a terrible dose that snuffles good night
and switch that light out darling
darling darling oh sorry
you're talking to me yes darling I was
just thinking it's a good job your
mother didn't come in a bit later in -
Carter I don't know she might have
brought us up a tray a corned beef
sandwiches come on give us a kiss
outdoors macho ducks darling try the
colony darling
well so long as you don't do it in front
of the lads from the snooker club that
sort of thing can cost a bloke ease
first team place right then Carter you
can settle argument in and good John
what are you doing we aren't you put
your jacket on